Last time on Sonic X,
Eggman discovered two
more Chaos Emeralds
hidden aboard a high-security
Metarex Fortress.
When the doctor suggests
that Sonic and the gang
team up with him to see who
can snatch the Emeralds first,
Sonic jumps at the chance.
Soon, with the help
of Rouge and Shadow,
Chris breaks into
the Metarex complex,
and after a bit of
digital detective work,
shuts down the security system.
But when Sonic and the others burst
in for a little Emerald espionage,
they're greeted by a mob of Metarex
with one thing on their minds...
total destruction!
Find out what happens next
on this week's Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Metarex growling]
Think you can beat me?
Make no mistake, my friend.
I do not think I can beat you.
I know I will.
Metarex, prepare for battle!
As you can see, you are
dangerously out-numbered, Sonic.
And I warn you...
For every one of us
that falls in battle,
there will be hundreds more
that will take his place.
Please don't hurt Sonic. I beg you!
We'll do anything you
want, Metarex, sir.
We'll give back the Chaos
Emeralds and the Planet Egg,
but please don't hurt my friend.
Get him.
[Metarex growling]
[Gasp]
Ah!
Sonic!
[Sigh]
[Grunt]
So, you wanna play games, huh?
[Evil laughter]
He vanished!
It's a hologram.
[Metarex growl]
Be careful, Sonic.
Huh?
Huh.
[Metarex yell]
[Evil laughter]
I ought to knock that
egg-head of yours clear off!
Now, now, Knuckles.
Let's just keep calm.
We all know violence
never solves anything.
Stay still, why don't you?
Any unnecessary movements
will send us plummeting.
And from the looks of things,
that would be most inconvenient.
[All shaking]
What was that?
[Beeping]
Blue Typhoon here.
Knuckles, do you read me?
Tails, what's going on?
There's a nasty-looking battalion
of ships headed straight for us!
I got a bad feeling those Metarex
aren't too happy about us
crashing their fortress.
Tails, I'm afraid they're
coming from behind, too.
They're all around us.
What are we gonna do?
There's no way we can beat
that many, not without Sonic.
CHRIS: Uh-oh. We're in trouble.
ROUGE: You said it, kid.
[Beeping]
DR. EGGMAN: Listen up, Shadow!
In the interest of
self-preservation,
I'm calling off this clambake.
I don't understand.
I thought I was to retrieve
the Chaos Emeralds.
Oh, blast the Emeralds!
These Metarex monstrosities are
about to make a meal out of us.
RED PINE: Attention, intruders.
Make no effort to escape.
I am Red Pine.
I, and my three commanders,
serve the all-powerful Dark Oak.
Great. There's three more of 'em?
In your foolish effort
to undermine our mission,
you have played directly
into our leader's hands.
[Evil laughter]
In fact, he wishes to
express his gratitude
for bringing him
the Chaos Emeralds.
Thanks to you all, we won't have
to blindly scour the galaxy.
We don't know how to thank you.
Perhaps we'll just destroy you.
Just try it, you
overgrown junkyard!
DR. EGGMAN: What are you
waiting for, Shadow?
Move it, or lose it!
A genius like me can't afford
to dawdle with danger!
Start ignition and begin Egg
ascension on the double.
Yes, sir. Right away.
Wait just a minute!
You wait!
I'm not about to let those
metallic mutants maim me.
See ya!
Ah!
[Grunting]
Hey, come back!
Now what?
I don't even know how to
fly this stupid thing.
I have to get back to the doctor.
No way. I'm not leaving
here empty-handed.
Shadow!
[Beeping]
AMY: Chris, do you read me?
Amy, what's wrong?
Please help!
They're gonna hurt Sonic.
The Metarex!
[Metarex screaming]
[Panting]
Don't you worry, Sonic.
I got your back!
Eat this, metacreeps!
[Metarex yelling]
Ah!
Hey, what do you creepos
think you're doing?
Get off of my ship!
Oh, no! Amy!
Huh!
Ha!
Maybe the code I deciphered...
[Gasp]
Ah!
Huh? Wha-? Wha-?
Where's the start button?
Maybe... That's not it.
Aw, where's that geek
Tails when you need him?
Huh?
Whoa.
Attention all Metarex.
The Planet Egg has been ejected.
Without the Planet Egg,
this fortress is of no use.
We must destroy the stronghold
and all who dwell within it.
Metarex! Aim...
Fire!
Laser shield! Hurry, Cream.
Laser shield activated.
How long do you think
we can hold them back?
I don't know.
Even with the shield up,
the Typhoon can't withstand
this kind of attack for long.
Shadow, wait!
Why can't we find a way
out of here together?
He's only interested in doing
what the boss man tells him.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Eggman doesn't care about you.
He only wants to use you
to get what he wants.
Don't you see that?
You're wrong.
Come on, now.
Why else do you think he
keeps you hanging around?
He wants to help me.
You think he's gonna help you
get your memory back, don't you?
Have you ever stopped
to think old Egg-head
just might be using that promise
to get you to do his dirty work?
Rouge is right. You
can't trust him.
[Sigh]
Please, I know you don't remember,
but you helped us before, and I'm
begging you to help us again.
Shadow...
All right, I'll help you.
But just this one time.
Watch it, bub.
That's right. I'm
keepin' my eye on you.
Talk about insulting.
Chaos Control!
Ah!
Huh?
Well, certainly took
you long enough.
Huh?
Ugh.
Well, if it isn't Chris.
Long time no see.
Nice of you to drop in.
[Laughing]
I see Shadow decided to play nice
and rescue you from
those Metarex meanies.
He really is an agreeable
little fellow, isn't he?
After all, a little squirt
like you would have been
no match for those guys.
I thought you said we were
all on the same team.
I should have known you'd run
when the going got tough.
Well, better safe
than sorry, I say.
We don't wanna get
hurt, do we, kid?
Hmm!
I'm not a kid, okay?
Whatever you say, kid.
Ah, yes. Another day,
another conquest.
Let's not waste any more time.
It's been nice knowing you, kid.
Quit talking down to me like I'm
some kind of baby, will you?
I happen to be 18 years
old, not that you can tell.
But how? You're still
only bite-sized.
Oh, yeah?
Well, I'm tired of
you and those Metarex
doing everything you
can to hurt my friends.
So I'm taking matters
into my own hands.
Really?
Really.
Ohh!
[Grunting]
That little thief.
[Panting]
[Grunting]
Activate ignition.
Here I come, Sonic.
[Grunting]
Aaaah.
Ugh.
[Gasp] Cosmo!
Uhh!
We're too outnumbered, Sonic.
[Gasp]
Not so fast, freak.
[Growl]
What was that...crash?
They're trying to
destroy this place.
[Gasp]
But why would they want to
destroy their own fortress?
Especially with so many
Metarex still inside.
It doesn't make sense.
For the great and noble mission.
All will be sacrificed.
Stop this, Shadow, please.
[Grunting]
Ah!
Ugh...
[Groaning]
Oof.
Shadow...
He's trying to hurt me.
If you let me have
those Emeralds, kid,
I'll get you out of here.
You know I can't do that.
Well, your loss.
Later!
Aaaah!
Aaaaaah!
KNUCKLES: Chris! Hyaa!
Huh?
Knuckles?
I'm scared, Tails. The
shields aren't working.
What if they break through?
Don't worry, Cream.
I just fired anti-laser torpedoes
from Cannons 2 and 3.
That'll hold them a while.
Doctor, we are in a jam, big-time.
Without those Emeralds to protect
us, we'll be laser lunch.
That's right. It's that
Chris kid's fault.
What is this?
I'm getting a reading there's
a gravity field down there.
My, my, those Metarex are
just full of surprises, huh?
Ah!
Huh?
Sonic, catch!
[Grunting]
Huh!
[Gasp]
Oh!
ALL: Oh!
What is happening?
They are gaining power
from the Emeralds.
[Metarex screaming]
Well, Sonic, I see you and
I have a lot more in common
than I thought we did.
Hm.
Are you going to give
me those Emeralds?
Or am I gonna take them
from you by force?
You haven't got any use for
those Emeralds, and you know it.
Hm.
We all know you're just
collecting 'em for Dr. Eggman.
He's really got you
fooled, doesn't he, pal?
Huh?
Huh!
[Grunting]
Oof!
Uh!
Huh!
What are they doing, Amy?
Why are they glowing like that?
It's happening...!
Chaos Control!
[Sounds of fighting]
Ah!
What now?
Huh!
[Both groaning]
[Both grimacing]
I don't think I've ever
experienced gravity this strong.
Do something, Tails! We're
getting sucked in there!
The gravitational pull is
going to destroy the ship.
We must go faster.
Accelerate to full power.
Do it... Quickly!
Nooooo!
Don't just sit there, you
good-for-nothing gadget brains!
Do something!
We're doomed! We're all doomed!
That's Eggman!
Huh!
[Grunting]
Oh!
Uggh!
Aaaaah!
[Grunting]
CHRIS: Sonic!
Huh?
Thought you'd never get here.
Come through, Master Emerald!
We're begging you. Lend
us your mighty power!
Our engine power's increasing.
Bring it up to full speed, Tails.
You got it, Chris.
Full speed ahead!
DARK OAK: It appears I have
greatly underestimated
the power of these tiny warriors.
[Evil laughter]
Their resourcefulness
is to be commended.
However, this was but a test.
Soon we shall see just
how clever they can be.
[Evil laughter]